Privacy Policy Statement

We respect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information and data. This Privacy Policy Statement outlines what personal information and data we collect and how we use and protect it.
About Us
Emergency FundMe is an online lending company. We provide lending products and services accessible from our mobile application and website, https://www.emergencyfundme.com
Agreement to Use of Personal Information and Data
By using our mobile application and website, you ("User") are consenting to our use of your personal information and data as described in this Privacy Policy Statement.
Information We Collect
We require personal information to operate and successfully provide our online lending products and services. The User provides us with personal information through our mobile application and website which falls under the following categories: (a) personal information provided by the User such as registration information, billing and collection information, and any information as a result of the User's communication and commercial relationship with us, (b) personal and device information collected automatically through the use of our mobile application and website such as device information, log data, product usage data and information stored on the device such as installed applications, contact lists, primary email address, third party account and device phone number information. We take steps to ensure that third parties are legally and contractually bound to disclose personal information to us.
How We Use the Personal Information and Data
We use, collect, store, process and analyze the personal information and data that we collect from the User for the following purposes:
a.	to improve our online lending products and services and your User experience;
b.	for research and development;
c.	for billing and collection;
d.	to contact you regarding your account or send you system alert messages;
e.	to give you information about our other online products and services;
f.	to provide customer support;
g.	to aid in credit analysis;
h.	to verify your identity;
i.	to meet legal requirements or respond to lawful requests by authorities;
j.	to prosecute and defend our rights in a legal proceeding or enforce compliance with any agreement with us;
k.	to give information to authorized third parties; and
l.	for other related purposes in connection with our online lending products and services.


Protecting Personal Information and Data
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information and data provided by our Users from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information and data. Any personal information or data transmitted through the mobile application is protected by secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. Your personal information and data can only be accessed by authorized third parties that needs access to such information and data to perform specified services. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy Statement, you agree that we may, as necessary and appropriate, transfer and disclose any of your personal information and data to the following third parties (who may also use, collect, store, process, transfer and disclose your personal information and data) for the purposes indicated herein and on a need-to-know basis:
a.	any of our associates or affiliates including our directors, officers, employees and shareholders;
b.	our vendors, suppliers, contractors, agents, service and payment providers which help us in our business operations;
c.	persons acting in your behalf, payment recipients, beneficiaries, account nominees, intermediaries, correspondent and agent banks;
d.	any third party to whom we provide introductions or referrals;
e.	any party in connection with any business transfer, sale, merger or acquisition of Fido;
f.	credit information bureaus; and
g.	law enforcement agencies, courts, government officials or other third parties (i) when there is a formal request, subpoena, court order, or similar legal procedure, (ii) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, prevent physical harm or financial loss, or (iii) when there is a suspected illegal activity, (iv) to enforce compliance with any agreement with us, or (v) for any legally permissible purpose. We are constantly reviewing our information security practice to ensure that no one can gain unauthorized access to your personal information and data.
User's Data Protection Rights 
a.	You may access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal Information and data. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for our intended use, accurate, complete, and up to date. You may contact fundme07@gmail.com or visit our main office location in person to access, correct, update, delete your personal information, or alter your data. We will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
b.	You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information.



Retention of Personal Information and Data
We retain personal information and data where we have an ongoing legitimate business or legal need to do so. Our retention periods will vary depending on the type of personal information or data involved, but, generally, we will refer to these criteria in order to determine retention period:
•	Whether we have a legal or contractual need to retain the personal information or data.
•	Whether the personal information or data is necessary to provide our services.
If we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information or data, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information or data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information or data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Changes to Privacy Statement
We may change this Privacy Policy Statement at any time and from time to time. All updates and amendments are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy Statement or other notice on the website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy Statement often to stay informed of changes that may affect you. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copies of this Privacy Policy Statement are each deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy of the version of this Privacy Policy Statement that was in effect on each respective date you visited the website. Your continued use of our online lending products and/or services constitutes consent of the modified Privacy Policy Statement.
